quarrybyzantine_A0=Quarry
grovebyzantine_A0=Grove
testfarm_A0=Farm
testfarm_A_backerei_A0=Mill
churchbyzantine_A0=Church building site
churchbyzantine_A9=Orthodox Church
churchbyzantine_A_altar_A0=Altar
artisanbyzantine_A0=Artisan's House
workshopbyzantine_A0=Workshop
ancienttemplebyzantine_A0=Ancient Temple
ancienttheatrebyzantine_A0=Ancient Theatre
bakerybyzantine_A0=Bakery
placebyzantine_A0=Village hall
fortbyzantine_A0=Fort
forgebyzantine_A0=Forge
villa urbana_A0=Villa Urbana
tavernbyzantine_A0=Tavern
bakerybyzantine_A0=Bakery
fisherbyzantine_A0=Fisherman's hut
lumberbyzantine_A0=Lumberman's hut
watchtowerbyzantine_A0=Watchtower
chapelbyzantine_A0=Chapel
farmbyzantine_A0=Farm
sheepbyzantine_A0=Sheep Ranch
playerfortbyzantine_A0=Fort
innbyzantine_A0=Inn
guesthousebyzantine_A0=Guesthouse
basilkabyzantine_A0=Market hall
barracksbyzantine_A0=Barracks
barracksbyzantine_A_bed_A0=Barracks Bedroom
presbyterybyzantine_A0=Presbytery
fortbyzantine_A_forge_A0=Forge
playerfortbyzantine_A_forge_A0=Forge
well_A0=Well

oaktower_A0=Watchtower
birchtower_A0=Watchtower
pinetower_A0=Watchtower
jungletower_A0=Watchtower

placebyzantine_a_basilica_a0=Forum
vineyardbyzantine_a0=Vineyard
grovebirchbyzantine_a0=Birch Grove
silkfarmbyzantine_a0=Silk Farm
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed3_a0=Fort Bedroom
fortbyzantine_a_bed3_a0=Fort Bedroom
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed2_a0=Fort Bedroom
fortbyzantine_a_bed1_a0=Fort Bedroom
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed1_a0=Fort Bedroom
fortbyzantine_a_bed2_a0=Fort Bedroom
lighthouse_a0=Lighthouse
architectbyzantine_a0=Architect's Studio
lonecastle_a_living_a0=Lone Fort Bedroom
lonecastle_a0=Lone Fort
lonesheepfarm_a0=Lone Sheep Ranch
lonesheepfarm_b0=Lone Sheep Ranch
groveoakbyzantine_a0=Oak Grove

lonecastle_a_training_a0=Training Area
lonecastle_a_praying_a0=Chapel

gifthouse_a0=Gift House
playersmallhouse_a0=Small House