
japanesegrove_A0=Grove
japanesegrove_B0=Grove
japanesegrove_C0=Grove
japanesepeasanth_A0=Peasant House
japanesepeasanth_B0=Peasant House
japanesepeasanth_C0=Peasant House
japaneselmh_A0=Lumberman's House
japanesepaddy_A0=Rice Paddy
japanesepalace_A0=Imperial office
japaneseforge_A0=Smith
japanesefishery_A0=Fish Pond
japanesefishery_B0=Fish Pond
japanesefishery_C0=Fish Pond
japanesefishery_A1=Fishery
japanesefishery_B1=Fishery
japanesefishery_C1=Fishery
japanesesamuraih_A0=Guard's House
japanesesamuraih_B0=Guard's House
japanesequarry_A0=Quarry
japanesequarry_B0=Quarry
japanesearchive_A0=Archives
japanesearchive_B0=Archives
japanesepagoda_A0=Pagoda
japanesepagoda_B0=Pagoda
japaneseshintoshrine_A0=Shinto Shrine
japanesefarm_A0=Wheat Farm
japanesefarm_B0=Wheat Farm
japanesefarmbig_A0=Farm House
japanesefarmbig_B0=Farm House
japanesecrafter_A0=Crafting House
japanesecrafter_B0=Crafting House
japanesefort_A0=Fort
japaneseplot1_A0=Small Plot
japaneseplot2_A0=Medium Plot
japaneseplot3_A0=Large Plot
japanesehut_A0=Small Wood House
japanesehouse_A0=Small House
japanesehousemedium_A0=House
japanesehouselarge_A0=Large House
japaneselookout_A0=Lookout Tower
japaneselookout_B0=Lookout Tower
japanesezen_A0=Pond
japanesekitchen_A0=Kitchen
japanesekitchen_B0=Kitchen
japaneseplayerpalace_A0=Player's Palace
japaneseinn_A0=Inn
japanesemarket_A0=Market
japanesearcheryrange_A0=Archery Range
chickenfarm_a0=Chicken Farm
bath_A0=Bath House
well_A0=Well
sakebrewery_A0=Sake Brewery
squidfarm_A0=Squid Farm

japaneseoutpost_A0=Japanese Outpost
japanesearmyforge_A0=Army Forge
lonebuddha_A0=Statue of Buddha
bandit_cave_A0=Bandit Cave
kufun_tomb_A0=Kufun Tomb
kufun_tomb_B0=Kufun Tomb
woods_shrine_A0=Wood Shrine
lonemine_A0=Lone Japanese Mine
banditfort_A0=Bandit Fort

gifthouse_a0=Gift House

hotspringsinn_a0=Hot Springs Inn
hotspringsinn_a_kitchen_a0=Hot Springs Inn
hotspringsinn_a_market_a0=Hot Springs Inn