
mayanplayerestate_A0=Grande pyramide
mayancrafter_A0=Maison de l'artisan
mayanarmyforge_A0=Forge du chasseur
mayansculptorhouse_A0=Maison du sculpteur
mayanlibrary_A0=Librairie
mayanacropolis_A0=Jeu de pelote royal
mayanalter_A0=Autel sacrificiel
mayanhouse_A0=Maison maya
mayanhouse_B0=Maison maya
mayanhouse_C0=Maison maya
mayanhouse_D0=Maison maya
mayanlumber_A0=Maison du bûcheron
mayanmining_A0=Carrière
mayanguard_A0=Maison du gardien
mayangrove_A0=Bosquet
mayanpyramid_A0=Pyramide
mayaninn_A0=Auberge
mayanlargepeasanthouse_A0=Grande maison
mayanlargepeasanthouse_A_secondary_A0=Grande maison
mayanlargepeasanthouse2_A0=Maison inférieure
mayanlargepeasanthouse2_A_secondary_A0=Maison supérieure
mayanbakery_A0=Boulangerie
mayanballcourt_A0=Jeu de pelote
mayancalendar_A0=Calendrier solaire
mayancave_A0=Caverne
mayancistern_A0=Citerne
mayancornfarm_A0=Ferme de maïs
mayancornfarm_B0=Ferme de maïs
mayancornfarm_C0=Ferme de maïs
mayanobservatory_A0=Observatoire
mayansheepchickenfarm_B0=Elevage de volaille
mayanplayerhugefield_A0=Grand terrain
mayanplayerlargefield_A0=Terrain moyen
mayanplayersmallfield_A0=Petit terrain
mayanplayersmallhouse_A0=Vieille maison
mayanplayerlargehouse_A0=Grande maison
mayanshamangrounds_A0=Terres chamaniques
mayansheepchickenfarm_A0=Elevage de volaille
mayantemple_A0=Temple
mayanwatchtower_A0=Tour de guet
mayanmarket_A0=Marché
mayanobsidiancrafter_A0=Atelier d'obsidienne
mayancacaofarm_A0=Plantation de cacao
mayancacaofarm_B0=Plantation de cacao

mayanplayerpyramid_A0=Pyramide du joueur


lonemayancave_A0=Cave maya
lonemayanfarm_A0=Ferme maya isolée
lonemayanshaman_A0=Terres chamaniques
mayanbandithome_A0=Demeure de bandits
mayanbandits_A0=Avant-poste de bandits
mayanruinedpyramid_A0=Pyramide perdue
lonemayanruin_A0=Maison maya abandonée
lonemayancornfarm_A0=Ferme maya abandonée
lonemayanmining_A0=Mine maya abandonée
lonemayanpyramid_A0=Pyramide maya abandonée
mayanpyramid_A0=Pyramide

gifthouse_A0=Maison bonus


questpyramid_A0=Pyramide Maudite
questpyramid_pit_A0=Pyramide Maudite
questpyramid_guards_A0=Pyramide Maudite

questpyramid_jail_A0=Pyramide Maudite

questguardtower_A0=Tour de guarde
questcamphouse_A0=Barraque
questbarrack_A0=Barraque

mayancamp_A0=Camp Maya
mayancamp_outerguard_A0=Camp Maya
mayancamp_dig_A0=Camp Maya
mayancamp_wall_A0=Camp Maya
mayancamp_jail_A0=Camp Maya
mayancamp_innerguard_A0=Camp Maya

questcave_door_A0=Caverne Maya
questcave_A0=Caverne Maya
